Ryan  Kuo  US  Citizen  |  954-397-3848  |  ryankuo11127@gmail.com  |  LinkedIn:  www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-kuo-ai |  GitHub:  github.com/ryankuo11127   EDUCATION  (Anticipating)  Bachelor’s  in  Computer  Science  Expected  May  2028  University  of  Central  Florida  Orlando,  FL  Associate’s  in  Computer  Science  Expected  May  2026  Valencia  College   Orlando,  FL  Coursework :  Object-Oriented  Programming,  Advanced  Java  Programming,  Python  Programming,  C  
Programming,
 
Intro
 
to
 
Programming
 
Concepts,
 
Data
 
Structures
 
and
 
Algorithms
 SKILLS  Programming :  Python,  Java,  JavaScript,  TypeScript,  SQL,  C++  Tools :  Git,  MongoDB,  SQLite,  Flask,  React.js,  MEAN  Stack,  REST  APIs,  Automation,  Data  Processing,  
Agile
 
Development,
 
API
 
Integration
 
 WORK  EXPERIENCE  Software  Engineer  Intern   October  2025  –  December  2025  Orlando  O  Spencer   ●  Built  and  maintained  MEAN-stack  applications  implementing  5  full-stack  features  and  10  reusable  
components
 
using
 
clean,
 
modular,
 
production-ready
 
code.
 ●  Optimized  web  application  performance,  quality,  and  responsiveness  by  identifying  bottlenecks,  
debugging
 
issues,
 
and
 
implementing
 
targeted
 
optimizations.
 ●  Integrated  WordPress/CMS  solutions  and  collaborated  with  AI/ML  teams,  contributing  insights  on  
machine-learning
 
algorithms
 
while
 
improving
 
code
 
quality
 
through
 
automation
 
and
 
standards.
 
Logistics  &  Data  Systems  Coordinator  January  2020  –  January  2022  U.S.  Army  Fort  Lee,  VA  ●  Managed  and  tracked  transportation  and  logistics  data  using  DTRACS  and  GCSS-Army  to  optimize  
route
 
planning
 
and
 
resource
 
coordination.
 ●  Developed  Excel-based  automation  tools  and  formulas  to  help  scheduling  and  data  accuracy.  ●  Worked  with  IT  teams  to  integrate  digital  solutions  for  all  departments.   
PROJECTS  FreshTrack  |  Python,  Flask,  SQL,  Twilio  API  August  2025  ●  Designed  systems  that  track  inventory,  predict  spoilage,  send  alerts,  suggest  storage  temperatures,  
and
 
generate
 
profitable
 
specials.
 ●  Built  with  Python,  Flask,  Twilio  API  (SMS  alerts),  and  SQL  for  real-time  inventory  and  pricing  
management.
 ●  Cut  food  waste  and  boosted  profits  through  automated  tracking  and  data-driven  pricing.   Map  Program  |  Java,  OOP,  HashMap,  Console  I/O                         January  2026  ●  Built  a  console-based  Java  application  using  object-oriented  design  and  hash-based  Map  collections  
to
 
support
 
constant-time
 
CRUD
 
operations
 
on
 
address
 
records.
 ●  Designed  a  modular,  layered  architecture  with  Address,  AddressBook,  AddressBookController,  and  
ConsoleIO
 
classes
 
to
 
improve
 
maintainability
 
and
 
separation
 
of
 
concerns.
 ●  Implemented  a  menu-driven  interface  for  dynamic  insertion,  deletion,  search,  and  traversal  of  
in-memory
 
address
 
data
 
at
 
runtime.